News Round Up
by Patrick O,Connor
A poll published in The Guardian reveals that Winnie-the-Pooh is the UK's favourite childhood book character, just pipping Harry Potter.
1,200 people who read at least once a week were quizzed.
George, Enid Blyton’s tomboy adventurer from the Famous Five, was third with The Hobbit’s Bilbo Baggins and Roald Dahl’s Matilda in fourth and fifth places.
The survey was commissioned by the Reading Agency, which has launched a Summer Reading Challenge for children in libraries across the country.
“We know the power of picking up a book you love and discovering a favourite character … the Summer Reading Challenge gives children the chance to be transported and inspired by the adventures of their favourite characters, and read books that can go on to play a fundamental role in their lives,” said chief executive Sue Wilkinson.
The Daily Mirror has put the focus on 57 year old Chris King, from Rossington in South Yorkshire, who has become the country's first double hand transplant patient.
He lost both hands above the thumb joint in a metal-pressing machine accident at work three years ago. Chris said: “They look absolutely tremendous.”
Durham Cathedral will be a big attraction for history buffs, reports The Guardian.
A 14th-century monks’ dormitory with original oak-beamed ceiling is the centrepiece of a new ￡10.9m permanent exhibition charting Christian history and culture in the north-east of England.
Artefacts dating from the third century onwards, including burial stones, preaching crosses and medieval manuscripts – some of which have never before been displayed – are on show.
Andrew Tremlett, dean of Durham Cathedral, said:“It has been an incredibly complex project, and I am in awe and wonder of the splendours of this space. This is a seminal moment in the life of the cathedral.”
The dormitory, once housing dozens of sparse, narrow cubicles in which Benedictine monks slept and studied, became a library in the 19th century.
The Kent town of Margate has been named as the top hotspot for property price increases among Britain's seaside towns, reports The Independent.
The average house price is ￡202,276 – a 12.5% increase since July 2015, according to property website Zoopla.
A Zoopla spokesman explained that the increase follows large amounts of regeneration funding that the town has received in the past decade – with attractions such as the Turner Contemporary gallery and the Dreamland theme park.
The Sun tell us that a zoo has appealed for ￡5,000 to buy more cameras to help track an escaped lynx.
Two year old Flaviu has so far evaded humane traps and avoided being recorded on any footage captured by motion sensor cameras placed in areas where physical clues have been left such as paw prints, and fur left on gates and fences.
Head keeper George Hyde said: “Flaviu’s ability to avoid the cameras suggests he has still yet to decide on his boundaries which mean he’s a lot more mobile and his territory is larger than we thought.”
The zoo wants more cameras to monitor trails and locations and have asked for donations.
The things children come up with..s.
ThBBCde y us thes amoin the,00e thinaw pmora-otagkidsnd elin ty s thldor er befoin ty aptn 11s, inclskedaleilinasl kes, 痵 aesse oitoreleilinyoutoreac whas t's chl out'.s.
Thinbefmonatren cos via ahe survecatered outed by thTicos Edulocatialhe ppltremhes amost 2,5,00youmosterons.Ot whaiontsed in thwish lists, inclsla innimoin toreac wh'ngs airoited beincahoug impero donbein'miss'.s.Refer fen lists.
The Guardia(www.g Guardiaco.uk)s.
 The Independea(www.i Independeaco.uk)s.e Daily Mirra(www.m Mirraco.uk)s.
The Sa(www.n tsuiaco.uk)s.BBCa(www.bbcaco.uk) 